.TH man 3 "19 November 2016" "0.32" "_printf man page"
.SH NAME
.B _printf
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include<stdarg.h>
int _printf(const char *format, ...);
.SH DESCRIPTION
The functions in the _printf() family produce output according to a format as described below.  The functions _printf() write output to stdout, the standard output stream.
.LP
.B Format of the format string
The format string is a character string, beginning and ending in its initial shift state, if any.  The format string is composed of zero or more directives: ordinary characters (not %), which are copied unchanged to the output stream; and conversion specifications, each of which results in fetching zero or more subsequent arguments.  Each conversion specification is introduced by the character %, and ends with a conversion specifier.
.LP
.B Converstion Specifiers
A character that specifies the type of conversion to be applied. The conversion specifiers and their meanings are:
.LP
.B c
If no l modifier is present, the int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the resulting character is written.  If an l modifier is present, the wint_t (wide character) argument is converted to a multibyte sequence by a call to the wcrtomb(3) function, with a conversion state starting in the initial state, and the resulting multibyte string is written.
.LP
.B s
If no l modifier is present: The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of character type (pointer to a string). Characters from the array are written up to (but not including) a terminating null byte ('\0'); if a precision is specified, no more than the number specified are written. If a precision is given, no null byte need be present; if the precision is not specified, or is greater than the size of the array, the array must contain a terminating null byte.
.LP
.B %
A '%' is written. No argument is converted. The complete conversion specification is '%%'.
.LP
.B RETURN VALUE
Upon successful return, these functions return the number of characters printed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.I printf
.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Sam Scislowicz and Michael Roe